Author: Enyx
Date: 08-19-2015
Title: CryNet Bot Destroyer [+other types] (Run to improve server performance)

*CryNet Bot Destroyer [+other types] (Run to improve server performance)*

RUN THIS ON YOUR SERVER, IT WILL IMPROVE PERFORMANCE IF BOTS ARE FOUND.

Hello there,
so over the last few months on my server, some regular builders, including myself, have hit random E2 limits when trying to spawn dupes. At first, I had no clue as to of what could be causing this. After using my E2 finder on one of these dupes recently, I found that there were a copious amount of E2s inside the props in my dupe, that were not of my creation by any means. I then used remote uploader to find one of these E2s, as they are untraceable to the touch. I found out it what is known as a CryBot. I did some research on the crybot, and various other people where complaining about the impacts it was having on some servers.

Anyways, heres an E2 I made to find and destroy every Crynet bot, using the exact same dsGroup as the original bots. It also looks and deletes E2s that have been manually set to have no name, as crynet does, but also some other bots made by different people.

Note that this E2 becomes part of the Crynet DSGroup, in order to find its peers. Therefore, if you spawn more than one of this bot destroyer, it will see the other bot destroyers as a CryNet bot. Simple enough, you shouldn't have more than one of these out on the server at one time anyway.

You most likely will find some of these bots in some of the dupes spawned on your server, as its a fast spreading virus, thats been around for a bit.

Features:

-If you have the prop protection / added the buddy of everyone on the bot owners on the sever (bot owners being the players unfortunate enough to have these bots somewhere in their props). Then after bots are deleted, you will be told who had the bots in their build.

-If you don't have prop protection of certain bot owners, after running the E2, it will print to chat who needs to run a bot destroyer in order to get rid of their own evil bots.


Also, heres a simple looping version, for inexperienced people who don't know how to edit the code. Helpful for owners that want to keep it running on the server while players spawn their dupes throughout the day. Making sure every bot spawned is rinsed.