Author: RedReaper

*[RELEASE] Red's Flight Chip*

This is a multipurpose, multifeature flight chip, with surprisingly good capabilities and modularity. It not as high in ops as some chips, but still runs at a relatively low interval, by optimizing code and pertick executions. Flight is incredibly easy, and setup is a breeze--just read the annotations!
New for v3.2d is an in-cockpit "realistic" flight mode, for those who feel particularly masochistic, a (hopefully) fixed autopilot, altitude hold with "hold", "aim" autopilot waypoint settings (just goes forward x amount and sets a point there), and a few minor fixes. If there are any bugs or possible optimizations, let me know.

The new EGP HUD. Prettier than the old one. Also you can fully recolor it as you desire.
To get the chip simply copy the code into a text file, save that to your e2 folder, and open in game.
Features:
Simple "instructor" flight controls similar to war thunder
NEW! Semirealistic flight controls option--most vehicles can be controlled with mouse only
Easy to set up and modify--few necessary inputs and lots of annotations
Does not require a set weight/angle "base"--can even use multiple base props!
NEW! Able to handle five types of vehicles--helicopters, tiltrotor/vtols, airplanes, airships, and gyrocopters--with smooth flight
Attitude hold
NEW! Compatible with clientside cam controller.
Automatic output for landing gear lowering and landing gear brakes
Well-optimized intelligent waypoint-based autopilot with autocollective/tilt, with looping and flight plans for all aircraft types
Optional holo rotors, flight controls, and instruments, auto-enabled as applicable
Altitude holding "bomb sight" mode option, for accurate level bombing (note: ballistic calc not provided!) - REMOVED DUE TO COMPLICATIONS WITH CLIENTSIDE CAM
Built in input for ballistic calculators
Switchable between 3 weapons
NEW! New for v3.2a EGP flight display as either a hud or a stationary screen
Cam zoom and FLIR
Efficient pilotless operation for drones or things with switchable seats
NEW! Ammo selection for primary armament
Cats
NEW! Now 50% more cats.

Airplane flight is like war thunder--super easy mouse & keyboard, with automatic "instructor" rolling. All of the controls are the same for the different flight modes, so there's no confusion--collective on a heli is collective on an airship, throttle forward on a plane is throttle forward on a tiltrotor, etc.
Instructional video to teach you how to fly planes:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4cjSZOe1Go